Oh
hello everyone so welcome to a new vlog
it's a Friday
thank God it's the weekend tomorrow I'm
just about to head off to lectures but
I've just noticed here used to be
hanging my flag the West Sussex flag
which I decorated the kitchen with when
I first arrived at uni it has now been
removed huge others like to me earlier
page where's the Sussex flag gone and I
was like huh how long has that been gone
for if someone has removed it and I like
to think that it was an honest mistake
but really I think this was a calculated
move I'm gonna be launching an
investigation into this to see who's
taken down my West Sussex flag although
the exciting thing is we do now have
Christmas lights strung across the top
you'll probably see them on at some
point in this week's vlog it's all
feeling very Christmassy and it is only
November basically it's the 25th of
November on Monday so a few days time
and that's bridge most in Cambridge
Cambridge Christmas is on the 25th of
November so we kind of moved the
Christmas celebrations a month early
because that's when we're all still at
University and for actual Christmas we
all go home yeah I need to head off to
lectures I have a star selector this
morning and they're my favorite they're
so interesting we're now doing evolution
of stars and were on to the post main
sequence parts of their lives is even
cooler that a lot of it is uncertain at
the moment and there's still so much to
be done in research let's go look at
white dwarfs exciting just arrived at
the math department and I'll tell you
what you can tell it's week seven of
turn no bikes anywhere about half the
number of bikes they used to be there
was once a time when I could never find
a parking spot for my bike now there's
though it's like people just aren't
turning out to lectures anymore
I looked at all the lines are they gonna
go wow this type of Ches and then it
goes here and look at this occasion to
envy now that's exciting so we're gonna
measure how long it is
that's about 1.3 centimeters I think I
have just the intends lab cuz Tim is
doing an experimental module thing and
he has to spend two weeks in a darkroom
haven't been down this corridor in a
while
hello everyone so I am back for the day
and I've just like sat down on my bed
and now I don't want to get up I'm so
worn out this evening is Tim and
asteroids joint birthday party they had
one last year and they're having one
again this year but at 7:30 this evening
I'm heading out to the Institute of
astronomy at the IOA where I'm normally
out for lectures because I'm going to
telescope training these training
sessions are run by the astronomy
Society I should have gone to these
training sessions in first year once
you've been to two orbs demos you can
take your orbs test which then allows
you to use the telescope's whenever
observing is quite fun I want to know
how to use the telescope's properly so
it's only an hour this evening I'm going
to go to that I'm meeting my friends
there as well and then I'll come back
from the ops team oh and go straight to
the birthday party life is busy
hey please do I get blog credit
[Applause]
[Music]
it is a chocolate cake hello frog so the
party got ported but now there's a lot
of people in this kitchen as you can see
behind me
Wow we do not need to see heads dancing
so the party partner ended at midnight
so the cost everyone was like everywhere
does Olivia leave the party was only in
the house next door so we just go back
in our kitchen it is 20 to 1 I can read
the time will thank you very much we'll
just laughing at me there hello
will went to Churchill formal this
evening I did how was it
very good thank you very much and yes
we're having a good time I'm gonna go to
bed soon because I do have a busy day
I'm so boring
no one believes in herself good morning
everyone or actually should I say
afternoon it still feels like morning
but it is the afternoon quite bad that I
haven't started work yet but there you
go I had such a fun time last night I
reckon it's probably one of the best
evenings of term it was just really good
fun went down to the kitchen this
morning it was a little bit of a mess so
you know cool me the house very good
mother walked around cleaned it all up
had some breakfast I've opted not to go
to brunch today because I just felt like
I didn't have time and I wanted to be
doing work but that's backfired because
I haven't even done any work guys I
found out what a pomegranate looks like
I always thought it was like just the
season I never really sort like all the
seeds who are they where they came from
but in this massive fruit a pomegranate
is big yeah I learned a lot today
[Music]
every one so I'm just lying in bed I
went to the Jesus College Music Society
concert this evening because one of my
friends Hannah was playing in the
orchestra yeah it was actually really
enjoyable I loved orchestral music so
I'm really glad I went to that and it's
just quite a relaxing thing to do this
evening good night everyone
see you tomorrow I'm also going to go to
brunch tomorrow so so today I have just
been working in my room
since brunch just went to CAF dinner
with my friends I think I mentioned
earlier in the vlog that the 25th of
November is bridge must stay in
Cambridge and the 25th of November is
tomorrow we were going to do a staircase
Christmas meal it's been postponed we
work and have it today but I think we're
gonna have it in the last week of term
and we're also going to exchange Secret
Santa presents then as well so we're not
giving the Secret Santa presents today
or on actual bridge must day but
nevertheless I'm going to wrap up my
Secret Santa present today I've got
frozen wrapping paper
there's Elsa I love it I'm going to show
you what I've got for Secret Santa wrap
it up and then get on with some work
this evening
[Music]
mr. to you - hello vlog we've come to
nano men's butt is like Banamex upgrade
there's multiple nano maxes in Cambridge
and this one today is really big and
really fancy in size I had some nachos I
haven't been here in a while so it was
really good and it's also bridge miss
day today so I'm feeling very festive
oh you saw me earlier waiting outside
the library for 15 whole minutes
basically the librarian looks up really
early and also they look up at the main
building really early it was only about
quarter past four and the whole of the
IOA was locked up cycle again and I had
to hand in work it was very frustrating
I just had to wait for someone to turn
up it looks like I was breaking in and I
was like I'm actually a student here at
us don't have a key
anyway I managed to hand in my work it
was a very coaster hello everyone I have
just been on a late night Sainsbury's
trip it is past 11 o'clock
buying some milk because we are making a
hot chocolate this evening just to like
celebrate bridge must have a cute
evening in but also I felt bad because
we were using everyone's milk while some
people were there to agree to it others
were not and people are going to want
breakfast tomorrow so I have done the
milk run everyone will have some milk to
go with their cereal tomorrow morning
and we can have hot chocolate now
hopefully it's going to be ready by the
time I get back the handy thing is that
saying prison is only round the corner
and I decided that going this evening
would be a lot less painful than getting
up early tomorrow morning before
breakfast so yeah good morning everyone
we've just had a fire drill it wasn't
too early this year so I can't complain
that much I actually woke up just before
the fire alarm went off and I could hear
the fire alarm is going off in houses
down the road and actually I didn't even
cook it was a fire alarm start off with
I was like someone's car alarm is going
off in the distance I thought oh how
awful it must be to have an alarm going
off at this time but then I was like
wait a second that sounds quite a lot
like the fire alarms for the houses and
sure enough like 30 seconds later our
alarm started going off
like no and it's always just like such
an abrupt awakening like you have to get
up so quickly I've had a good day
I forgot that actually it was the pizza
social on at the asteroid apartment
today and there was so much pizza that
was probably at least a pizza per person
and also so much wine it was basically
unlimited wine it did come a rather
tricky time of day because it was one
o'clock and a lot of us had supervisions
in the afternoons I was like okay let's
be sensible only one glass of wine I
think I have learnt today that wine does
not necessarily help with super visions
where you need to be thinking really
hard and obviously this morning as well
we'd had coffee and biscuits
I've just been treated really well at
the asteroid Department today
what a lovely Department doesn't take
much to impress me he gave me free food
and it's great had my dynamic
supervision went to both my lectures
today it's quite a successful day really
and I have realised in my last few super
visions I've been understanding stuff
and my attempts at the questions have
not been that bad and I got my computing
project back today this was the one I
was doing over summer that I did a video
of my cat on projects I was saying how
hard they were and how my submission was
awful I got it back and it had two one
two first two written on it that's
really decent that is not gonna lie guys
today is quite a boring day
I've just had lectures I'm going to
another lecture
I hate afternoon lectures I've just been
working in the maths library relatively
uneventful day so far
[Music]
hello guys I am so annoyed with myself I
snoozed my alarm like 10 times this
morning I should have got up an hour and
a half ago and Here I am only getting up
at 9:30 it's okay because my lectures
don't start till 10:30 so you actually
leave for another 45 minutes but I
wanted to do work this morning before
lectures I've got lots to be doing I
wanted to be on it for the end of term
instead I've just been having a lie-in
but the issue is I stayed up late last
night I was thinking last night let's
just bash out all this work all this
editing all in one evening why not so I
added a video uploaded that I was doing
my stars work I was like right okay this
is reasonable now it's midnight I'm
going to bed and then I started chatting
to my friends bad idea so I didn't end
up getting to bed until about one
o'clock I should have been more
responsible and gone to bed earlier
because it turns out I like eight hours
sleep so I've just had a really nice
meal with Henry this evening he cooked
me dinner we had Turkish lahmacun and
then some chocolate fromage fry mix
dessert with raspberries was all very
tasty and very nice of Henry to invite
me over and yeah it was good to have a
catch-up I've since come back to the
staircase spoken to my parents on the
phone briefly and I'm being a bit of a
domestic goddess this evening went to
collect all my laundry here's all my
laundry bags and I've also got my rubber
gloves and J cloths with me because my
sink needs to clean and I've been
meaning to clean it for at least a week
now I've got a lot of work doing
tomorrow
he's all a load of questions about
temperature gradients and stars and
convective stars radiative stars
homologous transformations why am i
struggling with it so much like every
single question I just get stumped on I
stare at for a while and I'm like how am
I supposed to do this I also have a
whole other set of questions for a
different module that I'm supposed to be
handing in tomorrow I've decided that
I'm just gonna have to get a lot of it
done over the weekend and not hand it in
tomorrow because the supervisions aren't
actually till next week I'm giving it
all a good effort like I'm putting the
time in
it's just I'm not working fast enough
I'm not working efficiently enough but
I'm gonna keep going this evening yeah
just try and tie everything up at the
end of term
[Music]
hello everyone so I know I said I was
going to do some work this evening but I
have ended up at the theater this is my
first time at the ADC theater in fact
we're here to see second generation
integrated a BME sketch show let me show
you the poster and we all know fatima
who is starring in the show so it's very
exciting here's my ticket
that way our
hello everyone so I ended up going to
the theater as you saw last night it was
really good actually really funny
I'm glad I went it was a really late
night show though it didn't start until
11:20 so we weren't out there until
about quarter past midnight and so then
I just came straight back on ones bed
but obviously I've got quite a lot of
supervision work that's due in today and
then I've got a formal this evening at
Corpus Christi college I've been to
Corpus Christi for a Supervision before
but never for a formal I haven't seen
their whole it's also a Christmas meal
and Christmas food is my favorite so I'm
excited for that hello everyone so work
has been going quite well today I've got
stuff done I've got stuff organized
I've even cleaned my sink finally yeah
I'm just I'm on it today I'm just
cycling over out to the department to
hand in some work then I'm going to
cycle to the maths library and work in
there till about five half five-ish at
which point I'm going to hand in my
second set of work which I've started
but haven't completed yet gonna get
going hopefully the department will be
open when I try and hand in work today
I'm timing it so that this is very early
afternoon right the librarian should
definitely be in no-one should be on
their coffee breaks even the main
building should be open at this time
this should be fine if not then I'm just
a very unlucky person okay so my first
piece of work is handed in the door was
locked but I don't know why I wasn't
expecting that but I got in like someone
turned up fairly quickly after I arrived
to that meeting so yeah hello everyone
so I've just got back from formal this
evening at Corpus Christi college it was
really good I love a good Christmas
dinner really fun time but I've just
been supported a lot to collect a parcel
which is my new phone I've had this
phone that I'm filming on right now for
quite a few years
this is an iPhone 7 and what I've
ordered is an iPhone XS it's not the
latest iPhone but it's also an upgrade
and what I've currently got hopefully
we're going to get better video quality
and I was just ready for a new phone you
know so I thought why not it's Christmas
time good treat myself I'm gonna sign
off this week here thank you very much
for joining me
I've got about half a week left then
term is over
thank goodness I'm so ready for the
Christmas holiday now see you with
another video soon like subscribe follow
me on Instagram you know the drill
you got the skies okay see you later bye
[Music]
you